---
layout: post
title: Club Petition
cover-img: /assets/img/physics-hero.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/background.jpeg
share-img: /assets/img/physics-hero.jpeg
tags: [club]
---

Physics is recognized as one of the branches of fundamental science along with the biology and chemistry. Unlike other sciences offered at MSJ, Physics doesn’t
have as big a following or awareness amongst the general student body as moststudents won’t have the opportunity to learn about physics until they reach 11th grade. As such, we believe that there is a need and opportunity to establish a community for students who are interested in or are passionate about physics,
creating an environment of collaboration, teamwork, and learning that will complement the existing science curricula at MSJ.

This is the reason that we would like to create the MSJ Physics Club – we believe that it will not only unify but also foster interest in physics to a wider audience while also providing a space for students to develop a passion for physics, through peer interaction and club activities. MSJ Physics Club is also a place where students from all levels of physics can collaborate together to sharpen their physics skills, through activities such as study groups for AP Physics classes and exams, problem review sessions for high school physics contests, lectures on physics concepts, and much more.

Given the impact that this club can have on the MSJ community, we would appreciate your assistance to help us reach our goal of establishing this club.
Please sign up [here](https://forms.gle/jMftTfoKx9xsUSmPA) to help us reach 200 signatures to start the club. Thank you!
